c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe.config
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.g.resources
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.baml
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.baml
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.baml
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.g.cs
c:\users\rrorro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe.config
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.g.cs
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.g.resources
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.dll
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.UI.dll
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.xml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.UI.xml
C:\Users\RroRro\Documents\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpPlink-Win32.svnExe
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe.config
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.exe
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\AppControlCMMI.pdb
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.dll
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.UI.dll
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.xml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpSvn.UI.xml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\SharpPlink-Win32.svnExe
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\AltaSVN.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Configuracion\SVNTicket.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAltaTicket.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\FrmMenu.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.g.resources
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAsignaPPQDEV.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmAsignaPPQDEV.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\AppControlCMMI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\Documentos\KSDP_PP_F05_SolicitudAuditorAseguramientoCalidad.docx
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\DocX.dll
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmSolicitudPPQA.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmSolicitudPPQA.baml
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\bin\Debug\Documentos\KSDP_PPQA_F04_AsignaciónRecursos.docx
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmPlanProceso.g.cs
C:\Users\ejjim\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ControlPlus\APP\AppControlCMMI\AppControlCMMI\obj\Debug\Formas\Inicio\FrmPlanProceso.baml
